He's Harry the Bunny, he loves to be funny.
And play every morning when everything's sunny!
When the morning comes to stay,
He loves to play all day.
He's the sunniest, bunniest... Harry the bunny.
I'm the funniest, sunniest...
Harry the bunny.
He's Harry the bunny.
Oh, Hello everybody! I'm Harry the Bunny!
Look at the bunny I'm drawing! Isn't it silly?
And look!
I drew a number 4, too!
Hey, I know!
Let's give our bunny 4 teeth!
One tooth!
Two teeth!
Three teeth!
Wow! Look at the bunny's pretty smile!
Let's count how many teeth he has so far!
One. Two. Three.
Three teeth!
And...
One more...
That makes four!
Yay! We did it!
This is the biggest smile I've ever drawn!
How many teeth does the bunny painting have?
One. Two. Three. Four.
Four for the four teeth.
I love the number four!
Say bye bye, Harry the Bunny!
Bye bye, funny bunnies!!